Add option for native optimizations in CMakeLists.txt (#1)
tukss/Rayleigh: src/CMakeLists.txt

target_include_directories(rayleigh PRIVATE ${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR}/src/Include ${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR})

> set(RAYLEIGH_CPU_OPTIMIZATIONS "none" CACHE PATH "Specify a CPU architecture to build for. Currently only 'native' or 'none' are supported.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set(RAYLEIGH_CPU_OPTIMIZATIONS "none" CACHE STRING "Specify a CPU architecture to build for. Currently only 'native' or 'none' are supported.")
set_property(CACHE RAYLEIGH_CPU_OPTIMIZATIONS PROPERTY STRINGS "none" "native")
```

This makes it nicer to select the only two possible options in `ccmake`.

if (RAYLEIGH_CPU_OPTIMIZATIONS STREQUAL "native")
  if(CMAKE_Fortran_COMPILER_ID STREQUAL "GNU")
    target_compile_options(rayleigh PRIVATE -march=native)
    message(STATUS "enabling native optimizations")
  elseif(CMAKE_Fortran_COMPILER_ID STREQUAL "Intel")
    target_compile_options(rayleigh PRIVATE -xHost)
  else()
    message(FATAL_ERROR "For your compiler no native optimizations are automatically detected. Please specify compiler flags manually and set 'CPU_OPTIMIZATIONS' to 'none'")
  endif()
elseif (RAYLEIGH_CPU_OPTIMIZATIONS STREQUAL "none")
  # do nothing, respect manually set compiler flags
else()
  message(FATAL_ERROR "Only 'native' and 'none' are supported for parameter 'CPU_OPTIMIZATIONS'")
endif()

> 

Reviewer: Should we move this to the top-level `CMakeLists.txt` file?

Author: I cannot move it to the top-level file, because it needs to come after the `add_executable` file. I am not a fan of having too much in the `src/CMakeLists.txt` as well. What is the purpose of splitting the commands between the different files? Maybe we can merge the files, or at least move some of the things from `src/CMakeLists.txt` to `CMakeLists.txt`?

Reviewer: Right. Let's leave it for now. We could probably even get away with a single `CMakeLists.txt` in Rayleigh's case. I would rearrange it later though.
